---title: "Week 12: Demo, Lecture, Project Completion"
date: 2023-10-13
---
Okay I missed this one. So I'm going back to write it now. Last week I showed my demo to the people from the Ātea project. I was only little nervous. I was prepared and I knew that the game worked even though it wasn't beautiful or polished. I had to run it on my laptop though and I guess I was lucky we didn't have a super computationally expensive game (and also that my laptop was good enough to run the VR on). 
The demo went quite well I think, the people seemed to enjoy the game quite a lot. One of the guys that tried it thought it might be possible to use something similar for rugby training which was interesting, and might be worth thinking more about. It was interesting to see a few people try to turn their body sideways to squeeze through gaps. Does this mean people felt present? It's a similar to something mentioned in one of the lectures where people have real reactions to virtual environments. I think width of a block must be slightly smaller than the width of an average person, so they felt like they wouldn't fit. But we don't have any estimation of a body pose - we only track the head. 
The game is mostly done but I got some ideas from the demo that I think we should add. A lot of people the initial frequency of the blocks too fast, but some found it too slow. So quickly changed it before the demo, to wait a bit before the blocks come, and to start slow and increase the frequency of the blocks over time. Another thing to add is some horizontal blocks which the player would have to duck underneath. This would just add an extra dimension, and make the game more dynamic. It would also be cool to have some coins come for the player to collect, so they aren't only avoiding things. 

## Key points
- Demo went well - I think some people felt present 
- Will add horizontal blocks and coins for the user to collect